Added literal-or-new-object-identity codemod (#186)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_literal-or-new-object-identity.md

> The `is` and `is not` operator will only return `True` when the expression have the same `id`, that is, `a is b` is equivalent to `id(a) == id(b)`. New objects and literals have their own identities and thus shouldn't be compared with using the `is` or `is not` operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `is` and `is not` operator will only return `True` when the expression have the same `id`. In other words, `a is b` is equivalent to `id(a) == id(b)`. New objects and literals have their own identities and thus shouldn't be compared with using the `is` or `is not` operators.
```
